This workbook will lead you through the first assessed exercise,
the aim of which is to build a database server (from the ground up !).
This will not only give you more practice writing complex Java programmes,
but will also provide you with hands-on experience of using query languages. 
Note that this assignment WILL contribute to your unit mark (with a weighting of 40%). 

The assignment will be marked on the lab machines, so it is essential that you check that you
can compile and run your code using Maven on these machines before submission.

You are encouraged to discuss assignments and possible solutions with other students.
HOWEVER it is **essential** that you only submit your own work. This may feel like a grey area, however if you adhere to the following advice, you should not go far wrong:

- Don't take segments of code from existing solutions (e.g. those found online)
- Don't paste segments of code generated by AI tools into your work
- Never exchange code with other students (via IM/email, GIT, forums, printouts, photos or any other means)
- You should avoid the use of pair programming on this unit - you must produce all your own work !
- It is OK to seek help from online sources (e.g. Stack Overflow) but don't just cut-and-paste chunks of code
- If you don't understand what a line of code actually does, you shouldn't be submitting it !
- Don't submit anything you couldn't re-implement under exam conditions (with a good textbook !)

If you ask a question on the unit discussion forum, try to keep discussion at a high level
(i.e. not pasting in chunks of your code). If it is unavoidable to include code, only share
small snippets of the essential sections you need assistance with.

Automated plagiarism detection tools will be used to flag any incidences of possible plagiarism.
If the markers feel that intentional plagiarism has actually taken place,
the incident will be reported to the school or faculty plagiarism panel.
This may result in a mark of zero for the assignment, or even the entire unit
(if it is a repeat offence).
Don't panic - if you stick to the above list of advice, you should remain safe !