A key principle of Agile is early and regular delivery of value to the client, through the steady implementation and delivery of features. The emphasis is very much on "steady and sustainable development" - no "all-nighters", no "heroic effort". Doing most of the work just before the deadline is just not the Agile way !

It is important that you have experience of working with an Agile ethos. For this reason, you will be assessed on the "Agileness" of your development process. Your aim is to achieve the steady build up of features over the entire duration of the assignment. We are well aware that it can take some time to get the foundations of your project built (i.e. the core structural design, upon which features can then be build). We therefore don't expect a lot of features to be achieved in the first phase of the project. Once the structure of your project is established however, we would expect to see a steady build-up of successfully implemented features.

In order for us to gain insight into your development process, you should maintain your codebase in a GitHub repository. Perhaps the easiest way to create a new repository is via the GitHub website: click on the green "New" button and enter details as outlined in <a href="resources/new-repo-settings.jpg" target="_blank">this screenshot</a>. Note that you should select your own GitHub account as the "owner". Give the repository the name `JAVA-CW-2023` so that we can identify your Java coursework repository easily. You should also be sure to make your repository private (so that other students don't have access to your code !). Once created, you can clone the repository to your local computer. This should create a folder called `JAVA-CW-2023`, which you can then drop your `cw-db` project folder into.

So that we may assess your work, you should invite the lecturers to join your repository. The easiest way to do this is to go to the web page for your new repo, then select `Settings > Collaborators > Add People` and enter the username `sl17668`. To check that you have added the correct user, the profile picture for this account should be a purple triangle ! If you haven't invited us to your repo, then we won't be able to mark your work, so you will get an automatic zero for this assignment !

At this stage, you should also add your University of Bristol username to the main page of your repository. Edit the README file, adding your UoB username - put it inside square brackets (for example `[ab12345]`) so that it is easily identifiable. Make sure you add all of the _appropriate_ project files (files you want to appear on GitHub !) to your list of tracked files (using `git add ...`). You should commit and push to your repo on a regular basis - at the end of every coding session ("before you eat or sleep" is a good principle). You should practice continuous integration: always keep your master branch operational. It should be possible to clone the master branch of your repository and be able to compile and run the server via maven (without any kind of editing or copying of additional files) even if there are features which haven't yet been implemented !

In addition to functionality, robustness and flexibility of your implemented solution, you will also be assessed on the frequency and regularity of committing working features to your repository. We will be taking into consideration the "steadiness" of the accumulation of implemented features. Your aim is to achieve a pattern of implementation as shown in the left-hand figure below (and avoid the situation illustrated in the right-hand graph !). Note that you should also be careful to adhere to the guidelines on _what_ to push to your repository - only appropriate content should appear on GitHub (no duplicates, no built resources, no stored data etc). You will need to employ a suitable `.gitignore` file to assist with this task.
